## How to install plugins
The plugin manager is "[Packer](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)",
you have to install it to be able to run the plugins.
Follow the Packer README to install it.

After the installation go to the `~/.config/nvim/lua/klaudjan/packer.lua`
and open the file with nvim, then execute the following commands

1. `:so` to source the script in the file
2. `:PackerSync` to execute the Packer, that will install all plugins listend
in the file.

## Project composition
- **after**, in this folder are intsalled all the plugin configurations
- **init.lua**, first file that is readed by nvim
- **lua**, folder in which are located all the keymaps, options, autocommands and
plugin definitions
- **plugin**: folder generated by Packer
- **pfplugin**: in this folder are located configurations for specific file types. The configurations will be loaded when the relative filetype is loaded (the configuration remain loaded even you change file with a different file type). If the configurations are not loaded make sure that you have  set `:filetype on` and
`:filetype plugin on`

## Checkhealt
To optimize or check if there are some warnings or errors run `:checkhealt`

## Language Server Protocol (LSP)
LSP is used to make nvim understand the language you are using and giving you
suggestion messages.
If you do not see something like this when you open your file check if the
language you are using is presente in the installed list of Mason (`:Mason`).
Mason is the plugin that handles the languages.


# VIM usefull keys

Indentation
    - Insert mode: `^-t`, `^-d` to indent current line forward, backwords
    - Visual mode: `>`, `<` to indent current line forward, backwords
    - Visual mode: `=` to make vim autoindent correctly the selected rows

Upper/Lower case
    - Normal mode:
        - `~` change to upper/lower case the character under the cursor
        - `gu<movement>` to make lowercase all character found in the movement
        - `gU<movement>` to make uppercase all character found in the movement

Register commands
    - Normal mode:
        - `q<a-z>` to begin record all keys and commands executed. The registration
                   goes to the <a-z> character selected.
        - `@<a-z><movement>` to execute the recorded commands

Close suggestion window:
    - Insert mode:
        - `crl-e` to close the suggestion window that appear while you are typing
